PAN-OS Bugfix (#24740)
demisto/content: Packs/PAN-OS/ReleaseNotes/1_16_10.md

#### Integrations
##### Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS

> - Fixed a bug where using the **disabled** filter would not work and return an error in some cases on in the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where using the **disabled** filter would not work and return an error in some cases on in the following commands:
```

Author: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where using the **disabled** filter would not work and return an error in some cases in the following commands:
```
